---
title: "#3ACoosBay Contest Rules"
date: 2019-01-01 10:48:00 -0800
description: 'NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. The #3ACoosBay contest is sponsored by the Coos
  Bay – North Bend Visitor & Convention Bureau (VCB) 50 Central Ave, Coos Bay, OR
  97420. The contest starts 8am Thursday February 28th, 2019 and ends at 11:59pm Sunday
  March 3rd, 2019. By entering, you agree to these Official Rules. Void where prohibited.'
tags:
- Beaches
- Charleston
- Coast
- Coos Bay
- North Bend
- Oregon
- recreation
- VCB
categories:
- Miscellaneous
draft: true

---
Updated 2/7/2018

* **NO PURCHASE NECESSARY.** The #3ACoosBay contest is sponsored by the Coos Bay – North Bend Visitor & Convention Bureau (VCB) 50 Central Ave, Coos Bay, OR 97420. The contest starts 8am Thursday February 28th, 2019 and ends at 11:59pm Sunday March 3, 2019. By entering, you agree to these Official Rules. Void where prohibited.
* Qualified photographs must relate to the “Spirt of the Games in Coos Bay/North Bend” theme, and depict your experience in the Coos Bay, North Bend, Charleston geographic area. The VCB reserves the right to disqualify any photographs that do not meet these criteria.
* Prizes:The 2019 **Grand Prize winner** will receive an [AKASO EK7000 4K WiFi Sports Action Camera Ultra HD Waterproof DV Camcorder 12MP](https://www.amazon.com/AKASO-EK7000-Sports-Waterproof-Camcorder/dp/B01HGM33HG/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1548805513&sr=8-3&keywords=akaso+ek7000+4k+wifi+sports+action+camera) with [an accessory kit](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00PQ9YNI0/ref=ox_sc_act_title_2?smid=A2AVQ8OGQQLVR9&psc=1).
* **2nd prize winner** will receive a [portable Zamkol Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker](https://www.amazon.com/Bluetooth-Speakers-Zamkol-Waterproof-Dustproof/dp/B07GXDNZJ7/ref=sr_1_12?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1548805888&sr=1-12&keywords=bluetooth+speakers&refinements=p_36:1253504011,p_72:1248879011)
* **3rd place winner** will receive a $25 Amazon Gift Card.

  Winners are responsible for all taxes and costs not stated above. Winners under age 18 must have a parent or legal guardian sign for receivership of the prize.
* To enter, you must use Twitter or Instagram. If entering using Twitter or Instagram, you must follow the @TravelCoosBay account and use the #3ACoosBay hashtag in the tweet or Instagram caption to qualify as an official entry.
* All photographs are subject to and must comply with the Terms of Use posted Instagram, and Twitter. The VCB reserves the right to reject and disqualify any photograph that does not comply with these Official Rules, as determined by VCB in its discretion.
* There is no limit to how many photographs can be uploaded during the Contest.
* By submitting a photograph, each entrant grants the VCB non-exclusive right to reproduce, display and more general use and publish the photographs online free of charge. This use may include VCB websites, its social network pages including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, etc., and print publications such as magazines, brochures, catalogs, etc.
* The grand prize winner will be determined by a local judge on Monday, March 4, 2019.
* The VCB will notify potential prize winners in one of two ways (depending on the source of the Contest entry): If the Contest was entered via Instagram, VCB will notify winners by leaving up to two (2) comments on their winning Instagram photograph(s). If entered via Twitter, VCB will send up to two (2) tweets or DMs to the winning Contest entrant.
* In the event that any potential winner (a) cannot be contacted directly by VCB within forty-eight (48) hours from initial attempted notification, (b) fails to satisfy any eligibility or verification requirement herein, (c) declines to accept the prize, or (d) is otherwise determined to be ineligible, VCB in its discretion may disqualify that individual and an alternate winner will be chosen as soon as reasonably practicable after initial winner is determined to be ineligible. Alternate winners are subject to all eligibility requirements and restrictions of these Official Rules.
* By accepting a prize, each winner agrees to award VCB the right to publicize his/her name and/or user name, photographs or avatars, biographical information, along with winning photograph, for purposes of this and future promotions without further compensation, except where prohibited.

All entrants agree that the Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Instagram, Twitter, or any other social networks, and entrants further agree to release any and all such entities from any and all claims relating to or arising from the Contest.

 

<p align="center">
<b>#3ACoosBay</b>
</p>

 

<p align="center">